if the banded brothers are to retake
this territory they must rise to the
challenge
the elders marshal their troops
including the pups and head to the cover
of the bushes
the pups new confidence will be vital in
this battle the stripes pile forward and
the battle for uptown is on
yet the adults are torn some seem to
want to get the pups away and in doing
so and the victory to the stripes
there's a change of heart soon even the
smallest member is committed to the
cause
the banded brothers put everything they
have into one last attempt to push back
the stripes
at last they start pushing them back
moments later the stripes turn tail and
run the territory gang may only be small
but its significance is huge working
together at full strength they've shown
what they're capable of and come away
unscathed even the smallest member of
the family made a difference on this
historic day